[#1369]Make enhancement to DG workflow guideline (#1378)
reposense/RepoSense: docs/dg/workflow.md

* As we squash the commits when merging a PR, there is ==no need to follow a strict commit organization or write elaborate commit messages for each commit==.<br>
  However, when pushing new commits to your PR branch, do clean up _new_ commits (i.e., commits not yet pushed) e.g., delete temporary print statements added for debugging purposes.

> * Although it is no necessary to write elaborate commit message, it is still recommended for each PR to contain a brief commit message in its description. The guideline is available [here](https://se-education.org/guides/guidelines/PRs.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Although it is unnecessary to write a detailed commit message, each PR is still recommended to contain a brief commit message in its description. The guideline is available [here](https://se-education.org/guides/guidelines/PRs.html).
```

Reviewer 2: >Although it is unnecessary to write a detailed commit message, each PR is still recommended to contain a brief

I think this is misleading. The proposed commit message for a PR should be complete, not brief.

Reviewer: Ya agreed. How about - **There should be a proposed commit message for each PR. Although the suggested message does not have to be detailed, it should be complete. The guideline.........** - Since based on our guidelines it is compulsory to have a proposed commit message and not recommended exactly.

Reviewer 2: >Although the suggested message does not have to be detailed

We shouldn't omit any relevant details :-). Of course we shouldn't include _irrelevant_ details but that goes without saying. In other words, there is no need for this qualifier.

Any yes, it is compulsory, not merely _recommended_. Something like this?

>* In the PR description, please propose a commit message to be used when the PR is merged eventually. The commit message should follow the guidelines given [here](). You may refer to [this PR]() for an example.

Reviewer: @HCY123902 Can move this change to a new PR based on Prof's recommendation. Then I will review it again.

Author: Sure, no problem.

> * You can refer to the [Architecture](architecture.html) and the [HTML Report](report.html) to learn about the design and implementation of RepoSense. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You can refer to the [Architecture](architecture.html) and the [HTML Report](report.html) sections to learn about the design and implementation of RepoSense. 
```

> * The section below has more information about various stages of submitting a PR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The section below has more information about the various stages of submitting a PR.
```
